FoodieFinder: Web based application that recommends restaurants based on user preferences and dietary restrictions, with options to book tables or order food in Fairfield.

The new system will have a web-based application to allow system manager to register restaurants who apply to join their network. Each restaurant is given unique ID number and their name, location, phone number, hours, email, capacity and specialization are recorded into the system. The restaurant should be able to sign-in into the system, and create their own menu by adding the dishes. The restaurant also add the specific information about each dishes to help the user to get the food he/she wants. The user who want to use web based application will create their own account in the system including first name, last name, phone number, email, address and date of birth. User can search through the website based on preferences and dietary restrictions. User can call-in to reserve table in the restaurant. User can also request a table through online form on the website. The request will sent to the restaurant. After that restaurant will send confirmation email to the user. 

Restaurant should be able to see the list of all their reservation list including details of how many people, when is it scheduled and what time will they be arriving. The system should store the information about each reservation list of the restaurant. User should be able to see their own reservation. User also be able to request to cancel or change their reservation.

If group of people like 6 or more people reserve a table, based on the restaurant capacity it should not be more than 2-3 table a night for group people.

User can order food from the restaurant by call-in. Also user can order food online through website. Once the user choose the food and order it, the restaurant will get notifigation on the order list. The restaurant will send confirmation mail to the user, including the order detail, payment information and wait time. User will pay for the food once he/she arrives at the restaurant to take the order. 